He's creating a virus
that will slaughter our people.
BILL: She's getting sick.
ZOE: How soon until we know for sure?
BILL: When her organs
begin shutting down.
My stomach... (CRYING)
-Shit.
-(EXPLOSION)
ADINA: Did you find Bill Ward?
ISLA: We checked all the bodies.
He must have escaped.
This will terminate the pregnancy
in the first ten weeks.
Have you told Nathan?
No. It's better if he never knows.
(IN FRENCH) I found him.
He's a Professor of Neurogenetics
at the University of London.
(IN ENGLISH) What did you do?
I needed a live subject.
SARAH: (SOBBING)
You experimented on my daughter.
Emily shares some of the same
genetic mutations as...
As them.
If you ever touch my daughter again,
I will kill you.
CHLOE: What is this thing between them?
(IN FRENCH) We need to get to London.
What's in London?
Him.
(DISTANT SCREAMS)
(IN FRENCH) Stop the car.
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(SCREAMS CONTINUE)
(ALIEN FOOTSTEPS)
There.
There are too many.
(GUNSHOT)
(ALIEN FOOTSTEPS FADE)
(GUNS COCKING)
What if we don't find Bill Ward
before he releases the virus?
We have to find him,
or we have no future.
(ALIEN FOOTSTEPS)
Is there something you want?
You were Emily's boyfriend?
Uh-huh.
Then she went on the ship,
and you weren't her boyfriend anymore?
Why are you asking me this?
I'm curious.
You still have feelings for her?
I don't want to talk about it with you.
She was never gonna be the same.
You don't even know her.
Why are you looking at me like that?
-No reason.
-Huh?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You want to hurt me?
How would Emily feel about that?
Oh, lads. Time out. What's going on?
Your friend needs to chill out.
What was that about?
I don't like him.
Okay. Is it cause he's French?
No.
No, good, 'cause that'd be wrong.
(ALIEN FOOTSTEPS)
(MUFFLED SCREAM)
(SHUSHING)
(MUFFLED GRUNTING)
(KNIFE SLASHES)
(GASPS)
SACHA: You look so much better.
I don't usually look that rough.
Yeah, I know.
(EMILY SIGHS)
They're talking about me.
No. They're worried about you.
Sometimes I think
they don't trust me anymore.
I have something for you.
What is it?
Some presents.
Here we go.
(ZIPPER OPENS)
(EMILY GASPS)
Oh, my God.
Oh, I love it.
That smells so good.
Yeah. Yeah, we...
We were staying at your home.
How did you know what to pick?
Just chose the things that felt right.
(CHUCKLES)
Thank you.
It feels like another life.
Yeah. Your dad said you...
You were blind before the attack?
I was.
But now you can see because of them?
I see things that are like dreams.
More real.
I think we were on one of their ships.
Yeah, I... I saw it, too.
Did you...
Did you see us having...
having sex?
-Sorry. I've embarrassed you.
-No, no.
It's just I've never been with a girl
like that before.
That's okay.
So I'm not sure
what I'm supposed to feel.
I hate him for what he did to you.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
I don't want to think about it.
(IN FRENCH) Are you sick?
I have a headache.
So take the pills.
I'm going to.
Show me. Show me the pills.
What?
You think I'm taking drugs again?
I know you're upset about Theo.
I know how hard that must be for you.
You were doing so well...
I'm pregnant.
Shit.
You're supposed to say congratulations.
Is it Nathan's?
You think I was sleeping with
all the soldiers?
No.
He doesn't know.
I'm not going to keep it.
These are to terminate the pregnancy.
Is that what you want?
I don't know.
I don't know if I can bring a baby...
...into this world.
Not after what happened to Theo.
And to that little girl.
Maybe it's for the best.
I'm sorry.
VICTOR: (IN FRENCH)
The stars are so much clearer now.
CATHERINE: The galaxies
are moving away from us.
They're moving faster and faster.
Eventually they'll reach
the speed of light.
When that happens,
one by one the stars will disappear.
It will be total darkness.
Is that supposed to cheer me up?
Sorry.
How long do we have until it happens?
Millions of years.
That soon?
The man who came to the observatory...
Why did he believe
he could change things?
Hmm?
Surely it's too late?
Perhaps they don't think like that.
What do you mean?
Their understanding of physics
is way beyond ours.
I think they can conceive of a world
where many different realities exist
at the same time.
I struggle to imagine a life different
to the one I have lived.
You have no regrets?
Things you'd change if you could?
Perhaps I would have seen
a little more of the world.
My wife, my children -
they were everything to me.
And you?
I don't know.
Maybe I would try and spend more time
with the people in my life.
But then you might not
have the knowledge
you need to change anything.
That's true.
Perhaps it's not so simple for you.
Cheers.
(IN ENGLISH) I feel like the kid
at school who's got no friends.
I was one of those kids.
-Really?
-Hmm, I was very serious.
-Did you manage to contact anybody?
-No. No one's responding.
What do you need
to extract the virus from Emily?
We have to get her to a lab.
And what happens to her
once we release it?
(EXHALES) We give her more insulin.
And if we don't?
Then she dies with the rest of them.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SIGHS)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(DISTANT CLATTERING)
(SIGHS) Jesus!
You can't sneak up on people like that.
You want me to open that for you?
Yeah, my hands are sweaty.
Maybe they're sweaty
because you feel guilty
about what you did to Emily?
I just want a drink of water.
Oh, come on, don't be a prick.
I really don't need this.
(SIGHS)
Have you got something to say to me?
Have I got something to say to you?
-Yes.
What is it?
You want some?
If I was 20 years younger,
I'd beat the crap out of you.
But, you're not.
You're an old man.
-Does your dick even work anymore?
-Fuck you!
(GRUNTING)
Are you scared?
Do you think Emily was scared
when you were experimenting on her?
Look.
I did what I had to do.
Do you want to die, you little prick?
I heard you talking.
You want to take Emily to a lab
to keep experimenting on her.
We have to release the virus.
It's the only hope
we have against these bastards.
Okay, and what about Emily?
-We'll give her insulin.
-What if there is no insulin?
We'll find enough to keep her alive
until this thing runs its course.
When they die out, the virus dies out.
Okay, so you decide who lives
and who dies? You think you're God?
Everybody's going to die
if we don't do something...
I don't care about everyone.
I care about Emily, you know.
Do you think I haven't lost people
that I care about?
Everybody has lost somebody.
That's just the way it is now.
-I won't let you experiment on her.
-Ah, you're a kid.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
I heard your wife died.
Don't you ever talk about her.
Maybe you want to see her again?
You don't have to do this--
(GROANING)
No.
ASH: Hey, come on-- (GROANS)
You little fucker.
(ASH GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GASPS)
(SACHA GASPING)
(GAGGING)
(CHOKING)
(GASPS)
(ASH BREATHING SHAKILY)
Help...
Help me...
You'll tell everyone what I did.
(BREATH SHUDDERING)
I'm gonna die?
I think so.
-(SOFTLY) Help. Help.
-Shh!
Hey. I didn't mean for this to happen.
Now you promise not to call out?
Please. It's not too late.
Actually, I think it is.
You're just gonna sit there,
sit there and watch me die?
Maybe you...
you would rather be alone?
(WHIMPERING)
But I don't want to die.
And there's nothing
anyone can do about that.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I think I...
I don't feel things
like other people do.
Except with Emily, like she makes me
feel things I've never felt before.
I think I love her.
Do you think she loves me, too?
I hope you fucking die.
You first.
(EXHALES)
CATHERINE: (IN FRENCH) It's beautiful.
VICTOR: Yes.
When I see this, it makes me glad
you stopped me taking my own life.
I spent too much time
looking at the stars.
I didn't see things
that were right in front of me.
We are all guilty of that.
I wish I'd told my wife that I loved her
more often.
I should have told my children
that I was proud of them.
The animals need feeding.
The cows needed milking.
There was always something else to do.
Always.
Did you take the pill?
Not yet.
What?
What are you doing?
You're styling my hair now?
I remember when they brought you home
from the hospital.
You remember that?
Of course.
You were so small.
So beautiful.
I was desperate to hold you...
You should keep the baby.
You said I should get rid of it?
What do I know?
I know about stars, and equations.
What if I can't keep them safe?
We'll go to London.
I'll work out how to change things.
I'll do it for you and your baby.
You don't even know if you can...
I can try.
I want another chance.
What do you mean?
I was a rubbish big sister to you.
Not completely.
I'll try and be a much better aunt.
You should keep the baby.
I want to but...
I'm scared.
I need a reason for doing this.
We'll make a better future for you,
for you and your baby.
Don't make a decision you might regret.
Okay.
You're going to keep it?
Yes.
You're going to be a great mum...
This kid better not take after me.
I hope it's just like you.
What's going on?
What?
I'm pregnant.
How?
You need me to draw you a diagram?
(BOTH LAUGH)
I love you.
I love you too.
(SIGHS IN DESPAIR)
Ash?
(WHIMPERS) Ash...
Ash...
(SOBBING)
KARIEM: We need to search the building.
JONATHAN: Yeah.
ZOE: Where's Bill?
TOM: I haven't seen him.
-What, no one's seen him?
-No.
What's going on?
(IN FRENCH) Ash is dead.
Someone stabbed him.
(IN ENGLISH) Was it you?
-What?
-No!
You already tried to kill Bill.
I didn't do it.
-It wasn't her.
-Hmm, are you sure?
Let's go, come on.
You think I killed Ash?
No.
(IN FRENCH)
We'll be in Calais around midday.
You think it's safe?
No.
ZOE: (IN ENGLISH) Anything?
JONATHAN: He's not up there.
There's no sign of Bill.
You think they took him?
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Why would they only kill Ash
and not the rest of us?
Shit!
I hate seeing you like this.
I'm okay. (SNIFFLES)
Do you want to be on your own?
No. Stay.
I'm sorry about Ash.
Were you close?
We used to be.
After I came off the ship,
he didn't know what to say to me.
(SOBBING) Even my mum thinks
I killed him.
Tom's scared of me.
Maybe he should be?
Maybe it's better
if everyone just stays away from me.
I know how it feels
when people think you're a freak.
Why would anyone think that about you?
I didn't really fit in at school.
People thought I was weird.
Sometimes even my mum doesn't like me.
I'm sure that's not true.
She sees my father in me. She hates it.
She blames you? That's not fair.
It's not her fault.
My father was cruel to her.
I'm sorry.
I feel like you're the only person
who understands me.
I think I'm in love with you.
You don't know me.
You don't feel the same way about me?
I don't know what I feel.
No. Don't go.
Sacha, wait.
No, no. You think what I said is stupid?
No. No. I'm just confused.
When I see us together,
it feels so real.
I've never felt this about someone.
But you don't feel the same way
about me.
-No. I do.
-I want to be with you all the time.
I want to make everything okay for you.
I just want to make it--
I love you.
(TYRES THUDDING)
VICTOR: (IN FRENCH) Sorry. I don't think
we'll be able to go much further.
Over there, to the right.
Yes.
I really need to fart.
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GASPS)
-(ENGINE REVVING)
-(GUNFIRE)
NATHAN: Fast!
Get out! Is everyone okay?
I didn't see where the shots came from.
Quick!
Come on, faster!
-(GUN COCKING)
-(MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS)
-They're on top of the containers.
-(METAL SQUEAKING)
(GUNFIRE)
Go! Go! Go!
-(VICTOR GRUNTS)
-(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
-(VICTOR GROANS)
-Wait!
Victor?
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
-Victor!
-(GROANING)
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
NATHAN: Inside! Go!
(VICTOR GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
NATHAN: We can't stay here!
I'll slow you down. You go.
We're not leaving you.
You cannot change anything
if you are dead.
(GRUNTS)
(GUNSHOTS)
For the baby.
I know you don't believe.
It's all I have.
-Thank you.
-Help me.
(VICTOR GRUNTS)
Sophia...
(GUN COCKING)
Here. Pull the pin
and release the handle.
-Just like in the movies.
-Like the movies.
Catherine.
Have faith. In whatever you do. Okay?
(GUNSHOTS)
Go! Go! Go!
(GUNSHOTS CONTINUE)
(GUNSHOTS)
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
-(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GUNSHOTS)
(GRENADE PIN CLATTERS)
(GRENADE EXPLODING)
Catherine!
(DOOR OPENS)
-Don't shoot!
-Wrists!
-Don't shoot--
Where have you come from?
I was at the leisure centre at Mile End.
We were attacked.
(PATTING CLOTHES)
I was at Hackney.
You can put your hands down now.
You alone?
I was with some others.
We got separated.
(EXHALES)
Come on.
ETHAN: Hey. Look what I found.
(EXHALES)
He was, er...
He was at the leisure centre
in Mile End.
Dominic, Bill.
And that's Michael, over there.
DOMINIC: You were at Mile End?
Yeah.
We went there,
looked like a total shit show.
Yeah, it was.
Did you see any other survivors?
Just a lot of bodies.
They killed the kids.
Hey.
Do you want to see something?
What?
She's one of them.